# Pre meeting 2 2025-11-03

## Agenda plenary

1000 Welcome, Thomas T Rosenlund
1010 Presentation of the track leads, All
1015 Presentation of the participants, All
1020 Separate meetings for each track (breakout sessions), All
1100 End of meeting, all

## Notes

### Generelle notater

* Mange som er interessert i PMD og OKT
* 5-6 stykker på IG authoring
* Hvor mange på terminology?

### PMD

* Test server available?  
* Test server will be ready for the hackathon with test data.  
* Great turnout of interested participants.  

### Terminology

* 2 pax  
* Want to learn about terminology  
* Make an educational-track together with authoring  

### OKT

* 10 people in the call, 5 organizers and participants  
  * Good size group  
* Syns det var bra deltagelse i OKT-sporet.  
* One or two more providers - to get more input.  
* Hadde vært fint om vi kunne fått dobbeltsjekket at DNV Imatis faktisk vil delta (som de sa).  
* En viktig ting er å sette scopet for OKT/hva vi egentlig skal løse med API-et, så det ikke blir for stort.  

### IG authoring track notater

* New people - FSH school  
* Reverse engineering funksjoner i Forge  

* 5 på formøtet.  
* Stort sett nybegynnere.  
* De fleste vil antakelig bruke Forge og Simplifier som build infrastruktur.  
* Ble mest grunnleggende informasjon om FHIR profilering og verktøyvalg.  
* Oppfordret alle til å installere verktøy og prøve det før Hackathon.  

# Pre meeting 1 2025-10-27

## Agenda

1. 1000 Welcome. Thomas T Rosenlund
2. 1010 PMD track intro, Michal Jan Warecki
3. 1020 OKT track intro. Robert William Dall Frøseth
4. 1030 Terminology track intro, Vadim Peretokin
5. 1040 IG track intro, Espen/Thomas
6. 1050 Q&A and Discussion, All
7. 1100 End of meeting, All

## Notes

### PMD - patient vitals - Michal
Service by NHN
Resources
* Patient and Observation
Assignments
* read, write and show data in your applications
* Maybe status-endpoint

### OKT - track - Robert

* Felles journalløft
* Datadeling internt i kommunen
* Dokumentasjon på OKT-API
* Hendte ut hendelser

### Terminology track

* Terminology and IG publishing.

## Til retrospekt

* Språkdrakt på introer og diskusjoner? norsk og engelsk (terminologi)
* Skal vi bruke litt tid på introrunde? ja
* Add some assignments for architects and clinicins.
  * Make it easier to understand what is possible to do without technical knowledge.

## Retrospect 2025-10-27

* Language - what is the preferred language
  * Intro in English
  * Tracks in Norwegian
  * Terminology track is in English

* Plan for intro on pre meeting number 2
  * Main goal for pre meeting 2
  * **Choose a track and start to work on it**
  * Start with intro and what main track you want to attend to
  * Intro round, all organizers and participants:  
    * Name and affiliate
    * What is your main track?
  * Open up for questions in norwegian as well

* Track specific meeting
  * In each track - more about what they want ot do and what they work on
  * One team link for each track for people connect to.
  * Thomas updates Team meeting with links to all track specific meetings.
    * Enter each track meeting link
    * Standard title for the tracks meeting.
      * Standard title: "FHIR Hackathon pre meeting 2: OKT track"

* We do have a general intro meeting first? yes
* Thomas Writes something about what architects and clinicians can do on the Hackathon.
* Thomas updates the ig-mal with a script for running tx-fhir.org in the ig-build  

* Work for track leads before the next pre meeting.
  * Examples: in all the track description
  * Info about test data
  * Link to workable test environment
  * Especially important for PMD, but also for OKT and terminology
  * Go into the profiles of the PMD/OKT, some introduction to terminology Resources for terminology track
  * Build IG's using tx-nordic
